Add customer-controlled encryption fields for AWS/GCP destinations (#2875)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/system/secrets-sync.mdx

  default credentials. The service account must be [authorized](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview#locations)
  to perform Secret Manager actions in the target project.

- `replication_locations` `(list: nil)` - **DEPRECATED** Use `replica_regions` instead. A list of GCP location names the destination can use to
  store replicated secrets. Note that secrets remain globally readable regardless of the selected locations.

- `locational_kms_keys` `(map<string|string>: nil)` - **DEPRECATED** Use `replica_regions` instead. A map of location names to KMS key names to leverage customer-managed encryption keys for
  encryption at rest. Each pair follows the format `location_name=encryption_key_resource_name`.

- `global_kms_key` `(string: "")` - **DEPRECATED** Use `kms_key_id` instead. The KMS key ID Vault should use to encrypt secrets at rest in GCP Secrets Manager.

- `kms_key_id` `(string: "")` - Resource name of the customer-managed KMS key Vault uses to encrypt synced secrets with
  GCP automatic replication, for example
  `projects/{project}/locations/global/keyRings/{keyring}/cryptoKeys/{key}`. GCP requires this key to reside in the

>   `global` multi-region. Mutually exclusive with `replica_regions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `projects/{project}/locations/global/keyRings/{keyring}/cryptoKeys/{key}`. GCP requires that the key reside in the
  `global` multi-region. Mutually exclusive with `replica_regions`.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

- `replica_regions` `(map<string|string>: nil)` - Map of GCP location names to the KMS key (key resource name) Vault
  uses when replicating secrets with user-managed replication. Each key must reside in the location it encrypts. To use
  customer-managed encryption, provide a key for every location; GCP requires all locations to have a key or none of

>   them. Leave every value empty to replicate to the listed locations with Google-managed encryption. Mutually exclusive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  customer-managed encryption, provide a key for every location. GCP requires that either all locations, or none of the locations have a key . Leave every value empty to replicate to the listed locations with Google-managed encryption. Mutually exclusive
```
Style correction: use simple sentences and avoid semi-colons
